Talk about more than a fifth tim channel
games of this team not only bring to
You more videos from the series
minecraft molds it guys and
Today's mold is called dynamic lights or
liquidity and wool or dynamic lights that
this model is very simple but
he is very nice
He talks he adds animations to there.
lights of new blocks that do not have to
example let it go for the night here to
to be able to show mod time 7 and 14 better
thousand
You can see the galley that is
holding a bucket of lava and is
lighting galley looks and is basically
what you can do is add a dozen
things you can handle for example
in this lava bucket on the globe stones league
I 'm holding sony cakes always she
on the floor she 's lighting up something
that most people will enjoy reading is that
this motto that O why I more
I liked that it had to be added in the
microsoft
You can hold the torch and it will
illuminating the way for you and not only
this only if you break a block and play
The towel does not look down, you can
to see that it is still illuminating the
mass galley even then it adds
the blocks he gives birth let's say
so it is in the torch you holding the torch
that the coolest is the most useful that goes
be simões you can be a mineral and
holding only one tower without having to
putting a torch in the middle of the path
you have some of the one explored in
chain not holding that torch here
well then is who he says are
torch a globe stone handball
the network became if you can see that if I
staying as redstone on hand will give a
light of the very basic line but
lights cast lava if I remember correctly is
which eliminates most gladstone lights
a little bit and the project also if I do not
I'm wrong, people are just there.
pumpkin also this Saturday
pumpkin here she also give a
Enlightened there for us and one thing.
Also cool, cool, I leave here.
go through hard rock to show to
What happens to you?
the adin sumbe celina flow coming I go
put of you will also see that in the
time the zombies are burned
there they also type a has a light on
around them the team 70 eyes can see
when the clubs are burned alloy
here in the light that is around them
when the lieutenant fire is really cool
add this animation and is very useful in
mineral you have a cough
So lose you so you can explore.
the guys
but then this is it is very simple today
even just adds this is animations and in
blocks
I hope you have enjoyed
people like it if it is not your blog
favorite and what if you're new to the channel if
enter ke ha and remembering my folder
minecraft point is in the description there for
anyone who wants to download and does not know how to install
replace in your app gives a ringtone but is not
That's what I said.